RHDEVDOCS-6889: CQA 2.0: Configure (#103651)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ob-defining-the-source.adoc

= Source definition

[role="_abstract"]
Configure the source code location for your build in the `Build` custom resource (CR).

The following source fields specify how the build accesses the Git repository and selects the source content:

* `source.git.url`: The Git repository location.
* `source.git.cloneSecret`: The secret containing SSH keys for private repositories.

> * `source.git.revision`: The specific commit, tag, or branch (defaults to the main branch).

Reviewer: The original text above says default branch.
```suggestion
* `source.git.revision`: The specific commit, tag, or branch (defaults to the default branch of the repository).
```
